Will come back before you fall asleep.
Now it's time for a little challenge.
And in this video I would like to introduce you what that challenge is all about and what you need to
do in order to be successful in this challenge in order to do what you need to do.
You already have the knowledge so you have learned everything in the last videos and in this area I'm
just going to give you some tips in order to get more successful with this.
And also one thing that is super important so that you don't crash my website and my web hoster or our
web host is not going to be disappointed about all of the requests that our Web site is getting.
So there is something that you should import and that is called time.
So there is a module called time and it contains a pretty cool function which is called sleep and this
sleep function or sleep method can sleep for a specific period of time.
So in this case I'm saying acase sleep for one second.
So after you fetch and after you tried to access a u r l Please wait for one second because otherwise
what can happen is that you try to access the website like a thousand times per second or stuff like
that.
And those requests can really bring down my website so don't do that.
That's why it's really important to use this approach.
So what you can do is pretty well.
And once you run that and you ever run into a problem where you're trying to access a web site which
is not the one that you want to access you will see it in your console here in Jupiter notebook and
you can any time stop it so you can any time stop the code by pressing the stop button which will interrupt
the kernel.
If you don't see that well you then have to toggle the toolbar so that other toolbar you don't see this
button here but with it you can easily press it any time.
So if you access this Web site too many times then that's a good point to stop it.
All right so this is really important.
These lines of code have them in your fetcher and then the next thing that you should check out is the
following.
So the situation that we currently have is that we have multiple sites so there are articles not just
on this site but as you can see there are one out of six sites that we are currently accessing.
And the No this is shown in German but if you want to show it in English you can translated to English
any time in your browser.
In my case it just says translate to Deutsche but you can translated to English and then you work with
Google Chrome you can translate it and then things might be clearer.
But as you can see there are six pages and you should write your code that it's available or that it's
ready to go through all of the pages if required.
So here's just six but let's say it's 20 then just a code it should still work and should still go through
all of the 20 pages.
Now how does it get to the next page.
Well we kept it very simple.
But here in the bottom you can see a little button which says something like To an extent ident which
pretty much means go to the next page and that's the one if you press on it as you can see here at the
left bottom side it goes to index dot ph the question Mark Page 2 or page equal to.
So let me press on that and then you see you have Page 2 out of 6 and you have a bunch of other articles.
A lot more articles with some more pictures and stuff like that.
So how do you even get to the next page because now I'm pressing on the button but how do you write
code that goes to the next page.
Well you can check out the website and here inspect it.
So press inspect and then check out where is the button.
So let's see.
All right we have diff class navigation.
OK so there is a class called navigation and in there we have an A H ref.
So this is a reference a hyperlink reference.
So pretty much this is a link.
And as you can see here we are getting only a relative link again.
So indexed ph P question mark page equals 3.
So what you will need to use again is going to be the you r l join function which allows you to join
the whole you are l with this part partial You are EHLO with this relative link.
OK.
And you can of course either check by navigation.
So the class navigation where you can check by the class Beati and Order class BT and mine is primary.
So there are two classes so you can check the attributes of your a ref and see where the class is BT
and and primary then you get the correct link and you use that one in order to check out that link as
well.
So you need to create pretty much a code that goes through all the website all the pages so checks page
number one once it read through all the articles and there is something called Class navigation with
the button class then check the link and follow that link.
So go to the next page and so forth.
So of course you could say OK follow the link or you could just say OK I have this structure and then
you just take a page one page two page three and so forth until there are no pages left anymore which
follow the same structure I know this is not an easy one but please go ahead and try to salvage your
by yourself.
By the way.
You can just check where there's no more button so let's go to the last page.
Let's go to Page Six deaths and there is no further button so there's no button go to next page.
Once there is no button anymore then your loop should be done working.
So it just goes from page 1 to the last page which doesn't contain this button anymore.
So that's how you can check whether you can still go or should go to the next page or not.
So far which is optional here try to get only the information of the first two pages first if necessary
based on this you can generalize the program so that it reads all pages.
So don't try to do all at once.
Just try to go step by step.
Start with the easy one.
Here is H ref attribute is the one that you really want to get from the button from Python.
So you already know how to do those things.
You've seen that in the last videos and now you just need to bring everything together.
And I wish you lots of fun with this because as soon as you're done with it you will know.
All right you have really done something so you have really learned something and now you can.
Yeah.
Apply this knowledge on other websites which you then can cross.
So it's pretty powerful and I wish you the best of luck.
So see you in the next video where I will show you my solution.
And as usual there are multiple possibilities how to get things done.
All right.
So see you there.